Congratulations. Congratulations. Thank you.
Thank you, distinguished guests
Come to our engagement ceremony
You may not know
Belle's ex-boyfriend Chen Hao
He's a misbehaved convict.
Belle
I rescued it from this garbage.
So I love him very much.
I have an announcement to make today.
Johnson & Johnson Medical Technology Limited
Academic official application
Completely ban Chen Hao
Chen Hao is the ring that treated Wan Wan
It's cheap while Wanwan
That's the guy.
I also heard that Miss Ye is also interested in him
Nice
Your son is doing a great job.
Thank you for the compliment
Hey, isn't that Chen Hao?
Do you still have the face to eat here?
You immoral prison
You are so reasonable.
You still have the face to come to a place like this
He is Chen Hao.
Dressed like a beggar
People are engaged and they come to haunt
Be rude, Dr. Lin is right
This kind of waste should be banned
Our hospital was the first to support Director Huang
You are so sanctimonious
Shut up and criticize sanctimonious people like you.
I call this justice
justice
Since you said so
Then let me ask you about a person who cheated before marriage
Does it count as moral cover? Naturally, it is moral corruption
I'm waiting for your words.